dnsdist: More words on TLS session encryption keys setup and rotation (#13344)
PowerDNS/pdns: pdns/dnsdistdist/docs/advanced/tuning.rst

 * supported ciphers depend on the exact kernel version used. ``TLS_AES_128_GCM_SHA256`` might be a good option for testing purpose since it was supported pretty early
 * as of OpenSSL 3.0.7, kTLS can only be used for sending TLS 1.3 packets, not receiving them. Both sending and receiving packets should be working for TLS 1.2.

TLS performance
---------------

> For DNS over HTTPS and DNS over TLS, in addition to the advices above we advise reading the :doc:`tls-sessions-management` page to know how to improve TLS session resumption ratio, which has a huge impact on CPU usage and latency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For DNS over HTTPS and DNS over TLS, in addition to the advice above we suggest reading the :doc:`tls-sessions-management` page to learn how to improve TLS session resumption ratio, which has a huge impact on CPU usage and latency.
```
